Add CHANGELOG for v0.74.0 (#1251)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws: CHANGELOG.md

  - [aws_eks_node_group](https://hub.steampipe.io/plugins/turbot/aws/tables/aws_eks_node_group) ([#1236](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1236))
  - [aws_emr_instance](https://hub.steampipe.io/plugins/turbot/aws/tables/aws_emr_instance) ([#1225](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1225))
  - [aws_emr_instance_fleet](https://hub.steampipe.io/plugins/turbot/aws/tables/aws_emr_instance_fleet) ([#1226](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1226))

_Enhancements_

- Added column `cluster_arn` to `aws_ecs_container_instance` table. ([#1239](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1239))
- Added column `streaming_destination` to `aws_dynamodb_table` table. ([#1227](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1227))
- Added column `vault_notification_config` to `aws_glacier_vault` table. ([#1231](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1231))
- Added column `file_system_configs` to `aws_lambda_function` table. ([#1224](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1224))

_Bug fixes_

> - Fixed the `InvalidRequestException` error in the `aws_emr_instance_group` table. ([#1228](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1228))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List queries for the `aws_emr_instance_group` table no longer fail if there are any instance groups in clusters that use instance fleets. ([#1228](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1228))
```
